Add additional sdk examples (#568)
eclipse-ankaios/ankaios: examples/rust_sdk_hello/README.md

# rust_sdk_hello example

> This example is used to test the basic functionality of the ankaios sdk. It creates and starts dynamically a workload `dynamic_nginx`, fetches the execution state in different ways and deletes it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example is used to test the basic functionality of the `ank-sdk-rust`. It creates and starts dynamically a workload `dynamic_nginx`, fetches the execution state in different ways and deletes it.
```

## Starting the workload

### Starting with the latest version of the Rust SDK

For the intended production use, with the rust_sdk downloaded from crates, just run:

``` bash
./run_example.sh rust_sdk_hello
```

### Starting with a development branch of the Rust SDK

> For testing the rust SDK, you can specify a distinct branch that the SDK should be installed from. This can be done by setting the `RUST_SDK_BRANCH` environment variable in the script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For testing the `ank-sdk-rust`, you can specify a distinct branch that the SDK should be installed from. This can be done by setting the `RUST_SDK_BRANCH` environment variable in the script:
```
